Update docs for remote vector index build GA (#10061)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _vector-search/settings.md

| `knn.remote_index_build.client.timeout` | Dynamic        | `60m`   | The maximum amount of time to wait for remote build completion before falling back to a CPU-based build.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `knn.remote_index_build.size.max`       | Dynamic        | `0`     | The maximum segment size for the remote index build service, based on the service implementation constraints. Must be greater than `0`. |

### Index settings

The following remote index build settings apply at the index level.

| Setting                                       | Static/Dynamic | Default | Description                                               |
|:----------------------------------------------|:---------------|:--------|:----------------------------------------------------------|
| `index.knn.remote_index_build.enabled`        | Dynamic        | `false` | Enables remote index building for the index.              |

#### Advanced index settings

> The follow index settings are advanced settings whose default values are set as a results of extensive benchmarking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following index settings are advanced settings whose default values are set as a result of extensive benchmarking.
```
